Support for Evented PLEG (#6094)
cri-o/cri-o: docs/crio.8.md

**--enable-tracing**: Enable OpenTelemetry trace data exporting

> **--evented-pleg**: Whether CRI-O should generate the container events in order to optimize the performance of Kubelet to rely on these events.

Reviewer: I'm not terribly familiar with this option, and this description is not helping whatsoever.  Plus, is it a boolean?  If you make changes here, please also change in crio.fish.

Maybe?
```suggestion
**--evented-pleg**: Enable CRI-O to generate the container pod-level events in order to optimize the performance of the Pod Lifecycle Event Generator (PLEG) module in Kubelet.
```

Author: Thanks Tom, Noted.

> **--evented-pleg**: Enable CRI-O to generate the container pod-level events in order to optimize the performance of the Pod Lifecycle Event Generator (PLEG) module in Kubelet.

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure If I'm in favor of manually enabling/disabling the feature. What is the reason for not automatically decide that?

Author: According to the following [discussion](https://kubernetes.slack.com/archives/C03HA69L6R1/p1657179643142429?thread_ts=1657126350.580129&cid=C03HA69L6R1), to be on sync with the feature gate in kubelet, a config switch in containerd, this has been added in CRI-O.

cc: @harche @rphillips
